doc: link to comp matrices from nRF54L device guides (#21872)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/index.rst

.. _ug_nrf54L15_revision:

> Ensure to check the revision of your nRF54L15 development kit to see if it is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to check the revision of your nRF54L15 development kit to see if it is supported:
```

  The supported nRF54L15 DK revisions are functionally equal and use the same board target (``nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp``).

> Refer to the compatibility matrices for nRF54L devices to check the compatibility of various SoC revisions with different versions of the |NCS|:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the compatibility matrices for the nRF54L Series devices to check the compatibility of various SoC revisions with different versions of the |NCS|:
```
